# dictator

This python file takes your name and age as input and tells you whether you're young or old according to a very precise mathematical formula contrived by Harvard graduates.

Installation instructions:
This program is intended for use exclusively through JupyterHub. It can be downloaded/forked through GitHub as with any project (if you're somehow reading this without the link, here it is: "https://github.com/jhuang0420/dictator.git"), and main.py can be opened in JupyterHub. Congratulations! This concludes the bulk of the project with which a user will interact.

Usage instructions:
When the project is opened as detailed above, running main.py will prompt you for an input. Enter this as appropriate, and the python file will magically interpret this input and tell you a deep, secret truth about yourself.
This project is licensed for reuse under The Unlicense - it is okay to reuse and alter this project however you like, without restrictions. The full description of this license is below.

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>

How To Contribute:
1. Fork the project from GitHub.
2. Create your own branch via your own alterations and improvements!
3. Commit your changes with a helpful message so we know what you did.
4. Push your changed branch back to main, and make a pull request. We'll get back to you!